hi everyone has happened these
today's people I will make you
listen to the radio messages that we
can listen so on reese disease
that's thanks to the intermediary of
these little TVs that you are very
certainly could have noticed that they are a
little in the whole map
we have four or five I believe
personally I knew how to reactivate
than the TV that is next to
electricity and above the waist
Kraft crafting and here we go again
so that the same TV obviously then
to listen to the fun radio message the
radio messages because there are still
three or four minutes of messages with
different characters it takes
turn on the electricity remained at
repeat 15 plants in front of the small TV
by pressing x as a guignol lo
and after a while you should
hear the characters speak and
this is simply
I also want to apologize because
you certainly hear a
zombie because you can not
disable the path of ambition if we
disables the channels between then the
radio messages so it's a bit of a
shit you really sorry so open
good ears at worst you try
to listen to them yourself here I am you
find again soon for a next
video ciao bye everyone to see you later
m
that I did
surviving topics and paranoia we
but this remains to be confirmed
I the other shows league chapter
close
she who messed up way to the cottage
the
found no trace of survivor
in the area
we operate our own base of operation
Well these data appear to have been
destroyed in a fire just before
the lab invasion sir
staff brought to discover the
products and involve them in beer
well understood art gas planned in five
minutes
resumed in safety distance